[docs] Release notes for 2025.2 (#29522)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/releases/yba-releases/v2025.2.md

* [Non-root installation of YBA](/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/installer/#non-sudo-installation). You can install YugabyteDB Anywhere as a de-privileged user; a root-privileged user is no longer required.  This reduces friction and security concerns during initial testing, setup, and proof of concepts. {{<tags/feature/ga idea="1521">}}

* Kubernetes

  * [Kubernetes immutability](/stable/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes/#deploy-immutable-yb-contoller-ybc). Added support to deploy code via immutable Helm images instead of at runtime, eliminating the use of 'kubectl cp' to push executables into the pod or container. {{<tags/feature/ga idea ="1264">}}

  * [Kubernetes service endpoint](/stable/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes/#create-a-common-load-balancer-service-for-yb-masters-yb-tservers). For single-region universes in Kubernetes, added support for creating a unified service endpoint. This is in addition to the already-supported one service endpoint per availability zone (AZ). {{<tags/feature/ga idea ="1405">}}

>   * [Configurable common names for Kubernetes](/stable/yugabyte-platform/security/enable-encryption-in-transit/add-certificate-kubernetes/#configurable-common-names) {{<tags/feature/ga idea="2065">}}. You can configure a custom common name suffix for Kubernetes cert-manager.

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Configurable common names for Kubernetes](/stable/yugabyte-platform/security/enable-encryption-in-transit/add-certificate-kubernetes/#configurable-common-names). You can configure a custom common name suffix for Kubernetes cert-manager. {{<tags/feature/ga idea="2065">}}.
```

We're excited to announce the key features and enhancements in the 2025.2.0.0 release, designed to improve performance, usability, and management of your database environments.

**YSQL Audit Logs** {{<tags/feature/ga idea="1773">}} <!--Also IDEA-792-->

Support for producing and exporting audit logs of PostgreSQL statements (which is often required for compliance with government, financial, or ISO certifications) to a log aggregator. This is based on the pgaudit extension.

For more information, refer to [YSQL Audit Logs](/stable/yugabyte-platform/alerts-monitoring/universe-logging).

**ARM processor support for Kubernetes universes** {{<tags/feature/ga idea="1486">}}

Added support for running Kubernetes-based universes on ARM CPUs.

> For more information, refer to [ARM processor support for Kubernetes universes](/stable/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on deploying on Kubernetes, refer to [Create a multi-zone universe](/stable/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes/).
```

* Allows dynamic flag validation in YugabyteDB Anywhere when upgrading flags for cloud and Kubernetes provider-based universes, using the 'validateFlagValue' RPC. {{<tags/feature/ga idea="2058">}}

* Backups now capture PostgreSQL users (aka roles) and their permissions (aka grants) (via API). {{<tags/feature/ea idea="394">}}

### Known issues

- For universes with _only_ client-to-node encryption enabled, if you are [rotating certificates](/stable/yugabyte-platform/security/enable-encryption-in-transit/rotate-certificates/), a restart is required; choose either the rolling or concurrent restart options. Do not use the **Apply all changes which do not require a restart immediately** option (which is selected by default) in this configuration.

> - Although our API documentation indicates that the `getRawClientRootCA` is a required field in `UniverseDefinitionTaskParams`, it's not mandatory. This error will be fixed in our automated API generation code in a future release. PLAT-19176

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Although the API documentation indicates that the `getRawClientRootCA` is a required field in `UniverseDefinitionTaskParams`, it's not mandatory. This error will be fixed in our automated API generation code in a future release. PLAT-19176
```
